It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
-- Friedrich Nietzsche

In terms of energy, it's better to make a wrong choice than none at all.
-- George Leonard, Mastery.

Courage is grace under pressure.
-- Ernest Hemingway

Actually, the essence of boredom is to be found in the obsessive search for
novelty. Satisfaction lies in mindful repetition, the discovery of endless
richness in subtle variations on familiar themes.
-- George Leonard, Mastery.

Before enlightenment, chop wood and carry water.
After enlightenment, chop wood and carry water.
-- Ancient Eastern adage

Acknowledging the negative doesn't mean sniveling [whining, complaining]; it
means facing the truth and then moving on.
-- George Leonard, Mastery.

Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and
magic in it.
-- Goethe

What we choose to fight is so tiny!
What fights us is so great!
...
When we win it's with small things,
and the triumph itself makes us small.
...
Winning does not tempt that man.
This is how he grows: by being defeated, decisively,
by constantly greater beings. 
-- Rainer Maria Rilke, The Man Watching.

We fail to realize that mastery is not about perfection. It's about a process,
a journey. The master is the one who stays on the path day after day, year after
year. The master is the one who is willing to try, and fail, and try again, for
as long as he or she lives.
-- George Leonard, Mastery.

Are you willing to wear your white belt?
-- George Leonard, Mastery.

1 - Creativity and innovation always build on the past.
2 - The past always tries to control the creativity that builds on it.
3 - Free societies enable the future by limiting the past.
4 - Ours is less and less a free society.
-- Lawrence Lessig, Free Culture.

A CS professor once explained recursion as follows:
A child couldn't sleep, so her mother told her a story about a little frog,
    who couldn't sleep, so the frog's mother told her a story about a little bear,
         who couldn't sleep, so the bear's mother told her a story about a little weasel...
            who fell asleep.
        ...and the little bear fell asleep;
    ...and the little frog fell asleep;
...and the child fell asleep.
-- everything2.com